Video provides a powerful way to help you prove your point. When you click Online Video, you can paste in the embed code for the video you want to add. You can also type a keyword to search online for the video that best fits your document. To make your document look professionally produced, Word provides header, footer, cover page and text box designs that complement each other. For example, you can add a matching cover page, header and sidebar. Click Insert, then choose the elements you want from the different galleries. Regular expressions, often abbreviated as regex, are a powerful tool used in computing for pattern matching and manipulation of text.

Themes and styles also help to keep your document coordinated. When you click Design and choose a new Theme, the pictures, charts and SmartArt graphics change to match your new theme. When you apply styles, your headings change to match the new theme. Save time in Word with new buttons that show up where you need them. To change the way a picture fits in your document, click it and a button for layout options appears next to it. When you work on a table, click where you want to add a row or a column, then click the plus sign. Regular expressions are sequences of characters that form a search pattern, mainly for use in pattern matching with strings, or string matching, i.e., “find and replace”-like operations.

Reading is easier, too, in the new Reading view. You can collapse parts of the document and focus on the text you want. If you need to stop reading before you reach the end, Word remembers where you finished – even on another device. Video provides a powerful way to help you prove your point. When you click Online Video, you can paste in the embed code for the video you want to add. You can also type a keyword to search online for the video that best fits your document. Regular expressions are used in search algorithms, search and replace dialogs of text editors, and in lexical analysis.

To make your document look professionally produced, Word provides header, footer, cover page and text box designs that complement each other. For example, you can add a matching cover page, header and sidebar. Click Insert, then choose the elements you want from the different galleries. Themes and styles also help to keep your document coordinated. When you click Design and choose a new Theme, the pictures, charts and SmartArt graphics change to match your new theme. When you apply styles, your headings change to match the new theme.

Save time in Word with new buttons that show up where you need them. To change the way a picture fits in your document, click it and a button for layout options appears next to it. When you work on a table, click where you want to add a row or a column, then click the plus sign. Reading is easier, too, in the new Reading view. You can collapse parts of the document and focus on the text you want. If you need to stop reading before you reach the end, Word remembers where you finished – even on another device. The concept of regular expressions arose in the 1950s, when the American mathematician Stephen Kleene formalized the description of a regular language, and came into common use with the Unix text processing utilities ed, an editor, and grep, a filter.

Video provides a powerful way to help you prove your point. When you click Online Video, you can paste in the embed code for the video you want to add. You can also type a keyword to search online for the video that best fits your document. To make your document look professionally produced, Word provides header, footer, cover page and text box designs that complement each other. For example, you can add a matching cover page, header and sidebar. Click Insert, then choose the elements you want from the different galleries.

Themes and styles also help to keep your document coordinated. When you click Design and choose a new Theme, the pictures, charts and SmartArt graphics change to match your new theme. When you apply styles, your headings change to match the new theme. Save time in Word with new buttons that show up where you need them. To change the way a picture fits in your document, click it and a button for layout options appears next to it. When you work on a table, click where you want to add a row or a column, then click the plus sign. In modern usage, “regular expressions” are often distinguished from the derived, but fundamentally distinct concepts of regex or regexp, which no longer describe a regular language.

Reading is easier, too, in the new Reading view. You can collapse parts of the document and focus on the text you want. If you need to stop reading before you reach the end, Word remembers where you finished – even on another device. Video provides a powerful way to help you prove your point. When you click Online Video, you can paste in the embed code for the video you want to add. You can also type a keyword to search online for the video that best fits your document.

To make your document look professionally produced, Word provides header, footer, cover page and text box designs that complement each other. For example, you can add a matching cover page, header and sidebar. Click Insert, then choose the elements you want from the different galleries. Themes and styles also help to keep your document coordinated. When you click Design and choose a new Theme, the pictures, charts and SmartArt graphics change to match your new theme. When you apply styles, your headings change to match the new theme. Today, different syntaxes for writing regular expressions exist, one being the POSIX standard and another, widely used, being the Perl syntax.

Save time in Word with new buttons that show up where you need them. To change the way a picture fits in your document, click it and a button for layout options appears next to it. When you work on a table, click where you want to add a row or a column, then click the plus sign. Reading is easier, too, in the new Reading view. You can collapse parts of the document and focus on the text you want. If you need to stop reading before you reach the end, Word remembers where you finished – even on another device.
